README.md, before:

# Egg Supply chain tracking

This project implements supply chain tracking for eggs.
Everything is implemented completely decentralized via Ethereum Smart Contracts and IPFS.

The goal is to allow customers more trust in their purchase. 
In recent years, consumers have become more and more aware of the horrendous conditions in some chicken farms. At the same time, there have been repeated scandals or eggs being wrongfully labeled as organic.


UML diagrams are coded using mermaid.



## 1 . Project Plan

### UML

Here's what the activity diagram looks like

```mermaid
    sequenceDiagram
    participant Eggs
    participant Farmer
    participant Distributor
    participant Retailer
    participant Consumer
    Farmer ->> Eggs: harvestItem()
    Farmer ->> Eggs: processItem
    Farmer ->> Eggs: packItem()
    Farmer ->> Eggs: addItem()
    Distributor ->> Farmer: buyItem()
    Farmer ->> Retailer: shipItem()
    Retailer ->> Farmer: recieveItem()
    Consumer ->> Retailer: purchaseItem()
    Eggs ->> Consumer: fetchItem()
    Eggs ->> Consumer: fetchItem()
```
### Libraries
TODO
### IPFS
TODO

## 2. Smart Contracts
### Define and implement interfaces
TODO
### Build out AccessControl Contracts
TODO
### Build out Base Contract
TODO
### Build out Core Contract
TODO

## 3. Tests


## 4. Deployment

Commit message:

Implemented all functions and tests with Solidity@0.8.12

README.md, after:

# Egg Supply chain tracking

This project implements supply chain tracking for eggs.
Everything is implemented completely decentralized via Ethereum Smart Contracts and IPFS.

The goal is to allow customers more trust in their purchase. 
In recent years, consumers have become more and more aware of the horrendous conditions in some chicken farms. At the same time, there have been repeated scandals or eggs being wrongfully labeled as organic.


UML diagrams are coded using mermaid.



## 1 . Project Plan

### UML

Here's what the activity diagram looks like

```mermaid
    sequenceDiagram
    participant Eggs
    participant Farmer
    participant Distributor
    participant Retailer
    participant Consumer
    Farmer ->> Eggs: harvestItem()
    Farmer ->> Eggs: processItem
    Farmer ->> Eggs: packItem()
    Farmer ->> Eggs: addItem()
    Distributor ->> Farmer: buyItem()
    Farmer ->> Retailer: shipItem()
    Retailer ->> Farmer: recieveItem()
    Consumer ->> Retailer: purchaseItem()
    Eggs ->> Consumer: fetchItem()
    Eggs ->> Consumer: fetchItem()
```
### Libraries
I am using the following libraries:

- **truffle**: Used as development framework.
- **ganache**: Local blockchain used for development.
- **web3**: Used to interact with the ethereum network.
- **mocca**: Used for testing. The developement of this DApp will be test-driven.
### IPFS
The website itself will be hosted on IPFS, making this a truly decentralized service.

## 2. Smart Contracts
### Define and implement interfaces
TODO
### Build out AccessControl Contracts
TODO
### Build out Base Contract
TODO
### Build out Core Contract
TODO

## 3. Tests


## 4. Deployment
